README.md, before:

# LordoftheRimsTheThirdAge

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/buuPQel.png)

Update of erdelf and Jecrells mod
https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1400245220

- This is an unofficial port
- This will be removed when/if Jecrell comes back
- Added an option to disable the limit of technology, to replace the mod: Lord of the Rims - Unlimited
- Added support for Combat Extended
- Added support for https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2574489704]Simple FX: Smoke

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/pufA0kM.png)

	
![Image](https://i.imgur.com/Z4GOv8H.png)


# Removes all items, incidents, and technology that go beyond Medieval.
Adds and rebalances new content to make a more interesting Medieval playthrough.


Adds a blacksmith forge to forge steel.
Adds iron and mithril.  
Rebalances iron into the primary mineable resource, rather than steel.
Adds Medieval pantries and salt barrels for storing food in the medieval period.
Adds two new scenarios for Lord of the Rings races.
	
To do: Add a certain ring. Fix various bugs.
  

[strike]#  !!! DO NOT USE TOGETHER WITH LOTR UNLIMITED !!! 
[/strike]

# Mod Order:

- Put The Third Age **high** on your mod order list
E.g.
HugsLib
JecsTools
Humanoid Alien Races 2.0
DoorsExpanded
Lord of the Rings - The Third Age

# Recommended:

- HugsLib (Helps mods run together smoothly with The Third Age)

Join the Lord of the Rims channel to discuss the mod.
[strike]https://discord.gg/jcMf4am[/strike] *not for support*


![Image](https://i.imgur.com/PwoNOj4.png)



-  See if the the error persists if you just have this mod and its requirements active.
-  If not, try adding your other mods until it happens again.
-  Post your error-log using https://steamcommunity.com/workshop/filedetails/?id=818773962]HugsLib and command Ctrl+F12
-  For best support, please use the Discord-channel for error-reporting.
-  Do not report errors by making a discussion-thread, I get no notification of that.
-  If you have the solution for a problem, please post it to the GitHub repository.

Commit message:

Mod updated for 1.5 and passed autotests

README.md, after:

# LordoftheRimsTheThirdAge

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/buuPQel.png)

Update of erdelf and Jecrells mod
https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1400245220

- This is an unofficial port
- This will be removed when/if Jecrell comes back
- Added an option to disable the limit of technology, to replace the mod: Lord of the Rims - Unlimited
- [strike]Added support for Combat Extended[/strike] No longer updated
- Added support for https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2574489704]Simple FX: Smoke

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/pufA0kM.png)

	
![Image](https://i.imgur.com/Z4GOv8H.png)


# Removes all items, incidents, and technology that go beyond Medieval.
Adds and rebalances new content to make a more interesting Medieval playthrough.


Adds a blacksmith forge to forge steel.
Adds iron and mithril.  
Rebalances iron into the primary mineable resource, rather than steel.
Adds Medieval pantries and salt barrels for storing food in the medieval period.
Adds two new scenarios for Lord of the Rings races.
	
To do: Add a certain ring. Fix various bugs.
  

[strike]#  !!! DO NOT USE TOGETHER WITH LOTR UNLIMITED !!! 
[/strike]

# Mod Order:

- Put The Third Age **high** on your mod order list
E.g.
HugsLib
JecsTools
Humanoid Alien Races 2.0
DoorsExpanded
Lord of the Rings - The Third Age

# Recommended:

- HugsLib (Helps mods run together smoothly with The Third Age)

Join the Lord of the Rims channel to discuss the mod.
[strike]https://discord.gg/jcMf4am[/strike] *not for support*


![Image](https://i.imgur.com/PwoNOj4.png)



-  See if the the error persists if you just have this mod and its requirements active.
-  If not, try adding your other mods until it happens again.
-  Post your error-log using https://steamcommunity.com/workshop/filedetails/?id=818773962]HugsLib or the standalone https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2873415404]Uploader and command Ctrl+F12
-  For best support, please use the Discord-channel for error-reporting.
-  Do not report errors by making a discussion-thread, I get no notification of that.
-  If you have the solution for a problem, please post it to the GitHub repository.
-  Use https://github.com/RimSort/RimSort/releases/latest]RimSort to sort your mods



https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/changelog/2242416385]![Image](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/emipa606/LordoftheRimsTheThirdAge?label=latest%20version&style=plastic&color=9f1111&labelColor=black)
